new load balancing ui (#22909)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/load-balancing/2025-06-04-account-load-balancing-ui.mdx

---
title: New Account-Level Load Balancing UI and Private Load Balancers
description: You can now manage all of your load balancers in one place with the new Load Balancing UI.
date: 2025-06-04
---

> We're excited to announce a significant enhancement to the Cloudflare Load Balancing experience! We've launched a redesigned user interface, now centralized at the **account level**, and introduced [**Private Load Balancers**](/load-balancing/private-network/) to the UI, enabling you to manage traffic for all of your external and internal applications in a single spot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've made two large changes to load balancing:
- Redesigned the user interface, now centralized at the **account level**.
- Introduced [**Private Load Balancers**](/load-balancing/private-network/) to the UI, enabling you to manage traffic for all of your external and internal applications in a single spot.
```

---
title: New Account-Level Load Balancing UI and Private Load Balancers
description: You can now manage all of your load balancers in one place with the new Load Balancing UI.
date: 2025-06-04
---

We've made two large changes to load balancing:
- Redesigned the user interface, now centralized at the **account level**.
- Introduced [**Private Load Balancers**](/load-balancing/private-network/) to the UI, enabling you to manage traffic for all of your external and internal applications in a single spot.

This update streamlines how you manage load balancers across multiple zones and extends robust traffic management to your private network infrastructure.

![Load Balancing UI](~/assets/images/changelog/load-balancing/account-load-balancing-ui.png)

**Key Enhancements:**

- **Account-Level UI Consolidation:**

  - **Unified Management:** Say goodbye to navigating individual zones for load balancing tasks. You can now view, configure, and monitor all your load balancers across every zone in your account from a single, intuitive interface at the account level.

>   - **Improved Efficiency:** This centralized approach provides a more streamlined workflow, making it faster and easier to manage both your public-facing and internal traffic distribution.

Author: I think 1 speaks more to the overall experience, but 2 calls out specifically the internal traffic distribution
